README.md, before:

# MLOPs-Production-Ready-Machine-Learning-Project

Youtube Playlist: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkz_y24mlSJZvJOj1UXiJPVRQrNFdNEXX&si=FRFLpnve9MS6Rii9

- Anaconda: https://www.anaconda.com/
- Vs code: https://code.visualstudio.com/download
- Git: https://git-scm.com/
- Flowchart: https://whimsical.com/
- MLOPs Tool: https://www.evidentlyai.com/
- MongoDB: https://account.mongodb.com/account/login
- Data link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/moro23/easyvisa-dataset


## Git commands

```bash
git add .

git commit -m "Updated"

git push origin main
```


## How to run?

```bash
conda create -n visa python=3.8 -y
```

```bash
conda activate visa
```

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Workflow:

1. constants
2. entity
3. components
4. pipeline
5. Main file



### Export the  environment variable
```bash


export MONGODB_URL="mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>...."

export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID>

export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>


```


# AWS-CICD-Deployment-with-Github-Actions

## 1. Login to AWS console.

## 2. Create IAM user for deployment

	#with specific access

	1. EC2 access : It is virtual machine

	2. ECR: Elastic Container registry to save your docker image in aws


	#Description: About the deployment

	1. Build docker image of the source code

	2. Push your docker image to ECR

	3. Launch Your EC2 

	4. Pull Your image from ECR in EC2

	5. Lauch your docker image in EC2

	#Policy:

	1. AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryFullAccess

	2. AmazonEC2FullAccess

	
## 3. Create ECR repo to store/save docker image
    - Save the URI: 315865595366.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/visarepo

	
## 4. Create EC2 machine (Ubuntu) 

## 5. Open EC2 and Install docker in EC2 Machine:
	
	
	#optinal

	sudo apt-get update -y

	sudo apt-get upgrade
	
	#required

	curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh

	sudo sh get-docker.sh

	sudo usermod -aG docker ubuntu

	newgrp docker
	
# 6. Configure EC2 as self-hosted runner:
    setting>actions>runner>new self hosted runner> choose os> then run command one by one


# 7. Setup github secrets:

   - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
   - AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
   - AWS_DEFAULT_REGION
   - ECR_REPO

Commit message:

Complete AWS to Google Cloud Platform migration - Replaced all AWS services with GCP equivalents - Updated storage from S3 to Google Cloud Storage - Changed deployment from EC2/ECR to Cloud Run/Container Registry - Removed AWS dependencies (boto3, etc.) and added GCP dependencies - Updated all configuration files and documentation - Simplified CI/CD pipeline with GitHub Actions - Added comprehensive migration documentation

README.md, after:

# MLOPs-Production-Ready-Machine-Learning-Project

Youtube Playlist: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkz_y24mlSJZvJOj1UXiJPVRQrNFdNEXX&si=FRFLpnve9MS6Rii9

- Anaconda: https://www.anaconda.com/
- Vs code: https://code.visualstudio.com/download
- Git: https://git-scm.com/
- Flowchart: https://whimsical.com/
- MLOPs Tool: https://www.evidentlyai.com/
- MongoDB: https://account.mongodb.com/account/login
- Data link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/moro23/easyvisa-dataset


## Git commands

```bash
git add .

git commit -m "Updated"

git push origin main
```


## How to run?

```bash
conda create -n visa python=3.8 -y
```

```bash
conda activate visa
```

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Workflow:

1. constants
2. entity
3. components
4. pipeline
5. Main file



### Export the  environment variable
```bash

export MONGODB_URL="mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>...."

export GCP_PROJECT_ID="your-gcp-project-id"

```


# Google-Cloud-CICD-Deployment-with-Github-Actions

## 1. Login to Google Cloud Console.

## 2. Create IAM user for deployment

	#with specific access

	1. Cloud Run: It is serverless container platform

	2. Container Registry: To save your docker image in GCP


	#Description: About the deployment

	1. Build docker image of the source code

	2. Push your docker image to Container Registry

	3. Deploy to Cloud Run

	4. Lauch your docker image in Cloud Run

	#Policy:

	1. Cloud Run Admin

	2. Storage Admin

	
## 3. Create Container Registry repo to store/save docker image
    - Save the URI: gcr.io/YOUR_PROJECT_ID/us-visa-app

	
## 4. Create Cloud Run service

## 5. Open Cloud Run and Install docker in local Machine:
	
	
	#optional

	sudo apt-get update -y

	sudo apt-get upgrade
	
	#required

	curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh

	sudo sh get-docker.sh

	sudo usermod -aG docker ubuntu

	newgrp docker
	
# 6. Configure GitHub Actions:
    Go to repository settings > Secrets and variables > Actions > Add secrets

# 7. Setup github secrets:

   - GCP_PROJECT_ID
   - GCP_SA_KEY
   - MONGODB_URL
